the girag an experience yeah and he's
like like a scientist should have died
after the appendicitis this is one of
the week I just it's just no way he's
like one of the rare guys took three
Jitsu classes I tapped out for good I'm
out I'm out you should cut elbows hurt
come come on me tonight man look I know
I'm not a man with love don't need to go
down there and have it reinforced all
you guys could just be fresh your size
it'll calm you down make you feel better
dude I'm like the comest I've been in my
life I'm always gonna sound like I'm in
a bad mood because I have the East Coast
accent right look dude you're fuckin
phony calm down you're like you're you
you smoke weed no I come down from
exercise to really doesn't necessarily
calm me down as it does make me a little
more sensitive red van you buying this I
think weed calmed me down uh yeah dude
you are a completely different person
like when I met you in in like 96 97 you
a good guy but you were the most intense
fucking dudes I never liked this switch
somewhere in your life was flipped and
the shit was on I don't even know how
you slept you were like you were like
fucking goal line defense middle line
bag that shit doesn't mean anything to
you I'm using sports analogies like you
were fucking intense dude and I'm a
story I heard about you at Taekwondo
vents I believed all of it after meeting
you for like literally about 25 seconds
well I I was transitioning then mmm
still that was still just a few years
I'm like a guy trying to expel all
writing no it's true he's transgender
when I was uh when I was a young guy
crazier when I was younger I'm going 3
my entire my entire childhood was spent
competing in martial arts tournaments
from the time I was like 15 so the time
I was 22 is my last fight so do you
think it made you like that or it tapped
into something that was already there I
don't think I would have been that
intense if I didn't have to deal with
really dangerous shit on a regular basis
it was the fact that you were fighting
in tournaments on a regular basis and
nothing ever happened to me I never
hurt but I easily could easily could as
a Gwen I should have zagged and got
knocked the fuck out it just never
happened I only lost once in a
kickboxing match and that would not not
that I didn't lose before in Taekwondo
but lost once by stoppage the only time
I ever got stopped is in a kickboxing
match that was the third fight in a day
and I was terrible nutrition back then
always getting sick you know didn't
really take vitamins and shit and I was
on the fence back then I was like doing
stand-up and fighting at the same time
so it wasn't like a bad knockout I got
dropped by a left hook and then I got up
and my legs just wouldn't work and he
hit me again and I fell down again they
stopped the fight like it was just he
had hit my jock in the perfect spot and
everything gave out and I was thinking
about it like when I was when I was
going back that there's one of two
things I'm going to do either I'm going
to go fucking crazy now and rededicate
myself and try to be a world champion
kickboxer and just use the fact that I
got tired in the third fight of the day
as motivation to just run extra miles
and do extra plyometrics and do extra
rounds or be a stand-up yeah no-brainer
way I'm built Yeah right like I can't
there's no there's no reward in that
there was no ultimate fighting
championship back then there was no so
it's like I had a reprogram my brain I
had a probe my brain was used to always
thinking about martial arts competition
that's all was was dodging kicks landing
your own you know getting in closing the
distance and you know and forcing your
game plan that's what my whole day was
spent fighting in my head even if I
wasn't fighting I'll be fighting in my
head what I was when I was uh like I had
girlfriends we did sleep over and I
would I was already loved with Owen
Cicero kicks in the middle of the night
like boom like my my whole body would
jolt like a kick because I was having a
fighting dream so terrified all I was
constantly terrified I got really good
at it because I was absolutely horrified
of it I just didn't like I just did not
get my ass kicked and and I was already
doing it I'm like well this is what
we're doing that we gotta get really
fucking good at this cuz I this is not
something you can half-ass dudes are
kicking dudes in the face and knocking
people unconscious like this is fucking
terrifying I saw
happen so many times sod - happened to
good friends I saw it happen to people
who are better than me they just fought
the wrong dude at the wrong time which
easily could have happened to me it
didn't but it easily could have like our
instructor never protected us at all he
put us even lower like kids were
teenagers he would put us in the men's
division and you know and tell you like
you're good enough to fight as a black
belt when you were like blue belt or red
belt he was just he wanted to see who
was crazy you want to see he wanted to
develop a team of people who didn't give
a fuck that's so funny that you could do
that with kids like that kind without he
was on the like at the very least local
news you know it was very cultish though
the martial arts schools are very
cultish it's yes sir no sir it's all
like them almost military you know like
it's always bowing when you see him you
know this all you always bow you always
calm sir
it was very I can I can I never been
able to exist in that dynamic and I
don't no matter what it was like there's
no way I could uh I needed it I grew up
without a dad I grew up without I have a
stepdad but my real dad I knew he was
alive and I didn't communicate with him
so it always fucked with me so I needed
some sort of intense discipline to get
my shit together the first time I ever
felt like I had any control of my life
at all was when I started doing martial
art so it's like whoa finally I can
fucking get good at something like this
I'm good at this shit you know but so
that's why I was so wound up first at me
it took me a while to relax you know
it's so amazing how we've been able to
cut that out of our lives that whole
food gathering nonsense like while I was
watching this mountain man show watch
this poor guy with shitty rodeo knees
he's going out looking for deer like
trying to get a deer some meat for the
freezer while he's looking for bears
constantly like what what an amazing
change of life it's happened where they
figured out how to cut out that hole
gathering food that was already bad
enough bad knees looking for a deer and
then he does the the over the top while
looking for bears yeah it's amazing you
got to watch the show - great show
that's why I just watched it last night
for the first time I'm comfortable being
in the matrix hey you know I'll starve
to death and it'll be a brutal month
and then that'll be it I don't want to
be walking around my bad back out in the
fucking woods trying to shoot deer in
the face trying to gut it with some
sharpened stick oh yeah me alright I'm
part of the week I'm not supposed to be
here that's just like you you'll tap
back into your uh
when you through kicks in at night yeah
I'll just grow a snake like a mountain
man beard that's where animal skins make
my own Spears I did that's the name of
good Bruce Springsteen album make make
my spear know what when I through kicks
in the night let's who kicks in the
night when I do kicks him online
where are you kicks you learn if you
said something have to be like a breakup
and Marjorie would man be yeah it's
something about being young yeah getting
out of the town yeah and then getting
away from all the buzzers and then you
go into the course when I see kicks of
the night
you